feat(proxy-memstore): add memstore feat that allows put to inject derivation error for its get (#1810)
Layr-Labs/eigenda: api/proxy/store/generated_key/memstore/README.md

  curl -X PATCH http://localhost:3100/memstore/config -d @-
```

#### PUT with GET returning derivation error

> The configuration allows users to configure memstore to inject specific derivation error responses during GET operations while allowing PUT operations to succeed normally. This enables testing client handling of derivation errors without requiring complex setup.

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
The configuration allows users to configure memstore to return specific derivation error responses during `/get` payload retrievals while still allowing `/put` request operations to succeed normally with the payload persisted to ephemeral db. This enables fast iteration testing of a rolllup client's handling of derivation errors without requiring a complex setup.
```

> Specifically, users send a PATCH request that sets the desired derivation error for all subsequent GET requests. After that, when the user sends data to the proxy, the PUT operation succeeds as normal—the error injection only affects the GET path. Behind the scenes, upon a GET request, the proxy returns either the stored data or the specified derivation error depending on its configuration.

Reviewer: hmm are there any unintended side effects with marking all `/get` requests (global) as a specific derivation error vs having it as a localized mutation per ephemeral db key => value entry. e.g, we disperse a payload through proxy and pre-mark it with a specific `DerivationError` vs having a global config. in the wild this error will come up  with some inbox sequence like:
```
[valid_cert, invalid_cert, valid_cert]
```

Reviewer: nvm - just saw the ephemeral db changes and realized its unique to each ephemeral entry (cert, blob). Can we make this more explicit in the docs?

  curl -X PATCH http://localhost:3100/memstore/config -d @-
```

#### PUT with GET returning derivation error

> The configuration allows users to configure memstore to return specific derivation error responses during `/get` payload retrievals while still allowing `/put` request operations to succeed normally with the payload persisted to ephemeral db. This enables fast iteration testing of a rollup client's handling of derivation errors without requiring a complex setup. The error is applied to individual PUT requests in the ephemeral db.

Author: I basically rewrote and renamed, see 
https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenda/pull/1810/commits/54a7f3fbfc8eff766fa590a3d3ed12528f12bc7a

The `PutWithGetReturnsDerivationError` field supports three states:

> 1. **Field omitted**: No change to current configuration

Author: rewriten, https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenda/pull/1810/commits/54a7f3fbfc8eff766fa590a3d3ed12528f12bc7a

2. **Set an error**: `{"PutWithGetReturnsDerivationError": {"StatusCode": 3, "Msg": "test error", "Reset": false}}`
3. **Reset to nil (disabled)**: `{"PutWithGetReturnsDerivationError": {"Reset": true}}`

##### Setting a derivation error
Configure memstore to return a specific derivation error for all subsequent `/get` requests:

```bash
curl -X PATCH http://localhost:3100/memstore/config \
  -d '{"PutWithGetReturnsDerivationError": {"StatusCode": 3, "Msg": "Invalid cert", "Reset": false}}'
```

> This will cause all future `/get` requests to return an HTTP 418 error with the specified derivation error, while `/put` requests continue to succeed normally.

Author: I'm going to use NullableDerivationError for http PATCH params.

Within the config, I am going to use "OverwritePutWithDerivationError". Challenge me
